Stoptime clarification per architecture review (#699)
riscv/riscv-debug-spec: Sdext.tex

\item No action is taken if a trigger matches.
\item If \FcsrDcsrStopcount is 0 then counters continue. If it is 1 then
    counters are stopped.

> \item If \FcsrDcsrStoptime is 0 then the time CSR continues to update. If
>     it is 1 then the time CSR will not update. It will resynchronize with
>     mtime after leaving Debug Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item If \FcsrDcsrStoptime is 0 then \Rtime continues to update. If
    it is 1 then \Rtime will not update. It will resynchronize with
    \Rmtime after leaving Debug Mode.
```
